__TOC__

The '''Memento''' contains archives of various Azur Lane content. 

{{Image Gallery|width=350|height=
| Memento Archives EN.png | [[#Archives|Archives]]
| Memento Retrofit EN.png | [[#Retrofit|Retrofit]]
| Memento Collections EN.png | [[#Collection|Collection]]
| Comics Selection Screen EN.png | [[#Comics|Comics]]
| Memento Gallery EN.png | [[#Gallery|Gallery]]
| Memento Jukebox EN.png | [[#Jukebox|Jukebox]]
}}

== Archives ==

This is where you can view your ship collection progress easily. There are 4 filters: '''Common''', '''Collabs''', '''Priority ship''', '''META'''. Click on a ship in this section for more information. 
* [[Retrofit|Retrofits]] of a ship count as a separate entry for collection progress. 
* [[Events#Collaboration Events|Collaboration]] ships do NOT count towards "Ships Unlocked" nor "Collect Ratio".

== Retrofit ==
{{See also|[[Retrofit|Retrofit (Dockyard)]]}}

Similar to Archives, but specifically only displays [[Retrofit|Retrofits]].

== Collection ==
{{Main|[[List of Collections]]}}

This is a list of the various collections that are available. Depending on [[Limit Break]] status of ships, you can obtain various rewards, including exclusive ships and [[Equipment|equipment]].

== Comics ==
{{Main|[[Comics]]}}

This is a list of comic art-style panels of shipgirls doing various things. Most of these are also posted on the official Azur Lane social media accounts.

== Gallery ==
{{Main|[[Loading Screens]]}}

This is a list of various loading screens used throughout the years. From this tab, you can favorite loading screens, and save them to your device. 

== Jukebox ==

This is a media player interface. You can listen to various tracks from the official Azur Lane OST here.

